Storage: Improve volume metadata (#15129)
canonical/lxd: doc/api-extensions.md

This API extension adds a `used_by` field to the API response for a {ref}`cluster group <cluster-groups>`.
Deletion of a cluster group is disallowed if the cluster group is referenced by project configuration (see {config:option}`project-restricted:restricted.cluster.groups`).

## `backup_version`

Adds the field `version` when exporting instances and custom storage volumes to define the backup file format.

> In case the field is omitted the original (old) version is used to allow staying compatible with old clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the field is omitted, the original (old) version is used to maintain compatibility with older clients.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.

## `resources_device_fs_uuid`

Adds the field `device_fs_uuid` including the respective UUID to each disk and partition indicating whether or not a filesystem is located on the device.

## `backup_metadata_version`

Adds the field `version` when exporting instances and custom storage volumes to define the backup file format.

> In case the field is omitted, the original (old) version is used to maintain compatibility with older clients.

Reviewer 2: > In case the field is omitted, the original (old) version is used to maintain compatibility with older clients.

Is this still true, aren't we defaulting to the default preferred version that the server chooses if not specified?

Also, can you include some CLI usage examples here as this is useful for the docs. Ta

Author: True, I missed to update this sentence. Will also add some examples.

Author: Fixed.
